fix: mismatch in respect status code when har-output option used (#2803)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/chilly-banks-act.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed a status code mismatch that occurred when using the '--har-output' option in the Respect command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a status code mismatch that occurred when using the `--har-output` option in the `respect` command.
```
